ISSUE_TEMPLATE: update labels per new GH labeling recommendations (#1033)
hashicorp/consul-k8s: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/question.md

---
name: Question

> about: You'd like to clarify your understanding about a particular area within Consul K8s. We'd like to help and engage the community through Github!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: You'd like to clarify your understanding about a particular area within Consul on Kubernetes. We'd like to help and engage the community through Github!
```

Just for consistency.
